Move verifiers and capabilities into a fresh PR (#2503)
kadena-community/kadena.js: packages/apps/docs/src/docs/build/pact/concepts.md

### Signatures and managed capabilities

Signature capabilities are also a mechanism to _install_ capabilities, but only if that capability is _managed_. "Vanilla" capabilities are just tickets to show before you try some protected operation, but _managed_ capabilities are able to _change the state_ of a capability as it is brought into and out of scope. The ticket metaphor breaks down here, as this is now a dynamic object that mediates whether capabilities are acquired.

If a signer attaches a managed capability to their signature list, the capability is "installed", which is not the same as "granted" or "acquired": if the capability's predicate function allows this signer to install the capability, the installed version will then govern any code needing the capability to unlock some protected operation, by means of a _manager function_.

### Verifiers and capabilities

Since Pact 4.11 ([KIP 0028](https://github.com/kadena-io/KIPs/pull/57)), capabilities can be installed by *verifiers*, which are also
scoped to those capabilities that they install. A verifier is a named plugin external

> to Pact that, given some proof value—similar to a signature—can grant capabilities to perform some action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Pact that, given some proof value (for example, a signature), can grant capabilities to perform some action.
```

Reviewer 2: I think maybe somewhere in the middle is best here, because signatures do totally work here, but also other things analogous to signatures like ZK proofs.
